fix: use markdown instead of Ansible docs syntax (#39)
UpCloudLtd/upcloud-ansible-collection: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - Accept list of methods as value to `connect_with`. This allows defining multiple connection methods in order of preference to configure fallback. For example, `["public_ipv4", "private_ipv4"]` would try to find public IPv4 and fall back to private IPv4 if public IPv4 is not available.

Author: ```suggestion
- Accept list of methods as a value to `connect_with`. This allows defining multiple connection methods in order of preference to configure a fallback. For example, `["public_ipv4", "private_ipv4"]` would try to find public IPv4 and fallback to private IPv4 if public IPv4 is not available.
```
